# About

I have a Masters in poetry and creative writing from Temple University, and my interest has always gravitated towards arts and literature. Often artists and writers, due to art's sometimes esoteric nature, miss out on the benefits of new technology. They are stuck using tools which are ill suited for their needs, and the newest and best practices on the web aren't applied to the work of our society's most exciting creators.

I've become very passionate about creating for the web because I'm interested in making great art and literature more accessible by improving the way we see new and existing content. I believe that better accessibility breeds better appreciation, and I've sought to increase the exposure of the arts by improving its presentation on the web. To me, accessibility means creating a robust architecture of information and tailoring the presentation across all devices.

While my visual design philosophies tend to revolve around well crafted text and legible type due to my background in literature, my user experience philosophies are distilled from my experiences teaching. I've spent the last few years teaching in Universities and High Schools in the US and Japan, and I've found that students, especially older students, aren't willing to admit what they don't know. As a teacher, it's hard to determine what a student does and doesn't know, and it's best to never take for granted what you think they do know. 

What a teacher or a designer should do is help a user recognize patterns and give them enough information to fill in any gaps and reaffirm what they already know. However, it's difficult to know where you should begin, when you should take a step back and simplify an abstract concept. That's why a teacher or a designer's main task is to observe, ask questions, and take feedback—to swallow one's ego and remain flexible. Design and teaching are an iterative processes and the user's range of knowledge and ability determines where the design should begin and what leaps it takes. Over time, the design will have to change, and you have to be willing to kill your darlings.

I'm hoping to work with a creative and fun team who is trying to fill the web with wonderful and good looking content. If you'd like to know anything more about me, let me know.